inst414_semester_project/README.md, before:

# INST414_Semester_Project

<a target="_blank" href="https://cookiecutter-data-science.drivendata.org/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CCDS-Project%20template-328F97?logo=cookiecutter" />
</a>

Preprocessing of data from an NSW remote work survey in 2020 as well as preliminary and final analyses.

## Project Organization

```
├── LICENSE            <- Open-source license if one is chosen
├── Makefile           <- Makefile with convenience commands like `make data` or `make train`
├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
├── data
│   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
│   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
│   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
│
├── docs               <- A default mkdocs project; see www.mkdocs.org for details
│
├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
│
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
│                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
│                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
│
├── pyproject.toml     <- Project configuration file with package metadata for 
│                         inst414_semester_project and configuration for tools like black
│
├── references         <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
│
├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
│   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
│
├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
│                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
│
├── setup.cfg          <- Configuration file for flake8
│
└── inst414_semester_project   <- Source code for use in this project.
    │
    ├── __init__.py             <- Makes inst414_semester_project a Python module
    │
    ├── config.py               <- Store useful variables and configuration
    │
    ├── dataset.py              <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │
    ├── features.py             <- Code to create features for modeling
    │
    ├── modeling                
    │   ├── __init__.py 
    │   ├── predict.py          <- Code to run model inference with trained models          
    │   └── train.py            <- Code to train models
    │
    └── plots.py                <- Code to create visualizations
```

--------

Commit message:

"update README and requirements.txt"

inst414_semester_project/README.md, after:

# INST414_Semester_Project

<a target="_blank" href="https://cookiecutter-data-science.drivendata.org/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CCDS-Project%20template-328F97?logo=cookiecutter" />
</a>

This project investigates the impact of remote work on employee work-life balance and productivity. It uses survey data from the New South Wales (NSW) government's 2020 Remote Work Survey, analyzing changes in personal time, commute time, and self-reported productivity between remote work and in-office work settings.

## Project Organization

```
├── LICENSE            <- Open-source license if one is chosen
├── Makefile           <- Makefile with convenience commands like `make data` or `make train`
├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
├── data
│   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
│   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
│   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
│
├── docs               <- A default mkdocs project; see www.mkdocs.org for details
│
├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
│
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
│                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
│                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
│
├── pyproject.toml     <- Project configuration file with package metadata for 
│                         inst414_semester_project and configuration for tools like black
│
├── references         <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
│
├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
│   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
│
├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
│                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
│
├── setup.cfg          <- Configuration file for flake8
│
└── inst414_semester_project   <- Source code for use in this project.
    │
    ├── __init__.py             <- Makes inst414_semester_project a Python module
    │
    ├── config.py               <- Store useful variables and configuration
    │
    ├── dataset.py              <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │
    ├── features.py             <- Code to create features for modeling
    │
    ├── modeling                
    │   ├── __init__.py 
    │   ├── predict.py          <- Code to run model inference with trained models          
    │   └── train.py            <- Code to train models
    │
    └── plots.py                <- Code to create visualizations
```

--------

## How to run this project:

1. Clone the repository:
    git clone https://github.com/AhmedKhan927/inst414-semester-project.git
2. Using terminal navigate to project folder:
    cd inst414-semester-project
3. (Recommended) Create and activate a fresh python virtual environment.
4. Install required dependencies from requirements.txt:
    pip install -r requirements.txt

## Cloning repository
This provides user with all necessary components of data from raw data, interim data, into the final processed data. Further,
all compartmentalized sections of code are provided as well as the master code notebook with disorganized code.
